README.md, before:

## Usage

### Requirements

You'll need these installed in order to get the server up and running:

- Ruby
- Rails
- sqlite3

You can install the appropriate version of Ruby through your favorite Ruby version manager. It should pick up the `.ruby-version` file in the root of the project. Then `$ bundle install` should handle installing Rails. If you have issues with the sqlite driver installation, you need sqlite installed for your operating system before running it.

### Usage

1. Get the server started with `$ bin/rails server`
1. Visit `localhost:3000/investors`
1. Click "New investor"
1. Input investor information, including a photo. Note the photo is not required, but everything else is.

## Todo

- [x] Investor scaffold
- [x] File upload
- [x] Update README to setup and install server

## Extra points

- [ ] Fully documenting both what you were able to complete and what you would want to do additionally if you had more time
- [ ] A full git history showing your development style.
- [ ] Authentication and authorization capabilities
- [ ] Support for files larger than 3MB (upload progress indicator, etc)
- [ ] Detecting and handling updating addresses for existing customers with matching names/SSNs
- [ ] Tests

Commit message:

Add note about port selection to README

README.md, after:

## Usage

### Requirements

You'll need these installed in order to get the server up and running:

- Ruby
- Rails
- sqlite3

You can install the appropriate version of Ruby through your favorite Ruby version manager. It should pick up the `.ruby-version` file in the root of the project. Then `$ bundle install` should handle installing Rails. If you have issues with the sqlite driver installation, you need sqlite installed for your operating system before running it.

### Usage

1. Get the server started with `$ bin/rails server` - right now the code base only supports the default port 3000
1. Visit `localhost:3000/investors`
1. Click "New investor"
1. Input investor information, including a photo. Note the photo is not required, but everything else is.

## Todo

- [x] Investor scaffold
- [x] File upload
- [x] Update README to setup and install server

## Extra points

- [x] Fully documenting both what you were able to complete and what you would want to do additionally if you had more time
- [x] A full git history showing your development style.
- [ ] Authentication and authorization capabilities
- [ ] Support for files larger than 3MB (upload progress indicator, etc)
- [ ] Detecting and handling updating addresses for existing customers with matching names/SSNs
- [ ] Tests
